Lead Digital Product Manager
About the job
Become a part of our caring community and help us put health first

Our brokerage business is poised to advance the industry in how digital can be used to drive customer acquisition in the Medicare Advantage space. Within this business area, we are aggressively driving new digital capabilities, new ways of working, and employing next-gen technology to revolutionize how Medicare Advantage is sold. This role is part of this expanding Digital organization, and will be critical in our growth plans.

Key Responsibilities

Develop the vision and roadmap for existing and new digital products or multiple feature sets, including functionality, performance, results criteria, evolution, and lifecycle, all towards innovatively and aggressively growing our eCommerce acquisition channel.
Provide strategic thought-leadership inside this organization, and with partner organizations in the enterprise, on approaches to best-practices in Product Management. Be a leader in how Product Management at the company should be done.
Assess the business and consumer impact of various options and effectively balance tradeoffs between business/customer needs, technology requirements, costs, and time and budget, to deliver compelling solutions.
Establish hypotheses that enable us to test, learn, and iterate with high speed, enabling supercharged business growth.
Structure and lead meetings, clearly communicate expectations, and ensure that stakeholders are adequately updated on progress and milestones.
Establish success measures/product/feature KPIs , and regularly monitor and adjust execution strategy to achieve.
Proven ability to lead cross-functional teams through influence versus direct management; excellent interpersonal skills.
Be customer and data obsessed - maintain a deep understanding of the needs and goals of consumers and business to develop requirements, data and features needed to deliver on a best-in-class digital experience.
Create business cases to be prioritized on the roadmap and collaborate with the engineering, design, marketing, and sales teams to build business cases, requirements/services, and determine the best technical implementation method and schedule.

Use Your Skills To Make An Impact

Natural leadership instincts with proven ability to innovate and influence
7+ years of product management experience
Deep user empathy and strong user experience sensibilities
Ability to work well with designers and engineers in an agile environment
An entrepreneurial work style, you're a self-starter
Excellent written and verbal communication skills
Ability to facilitate collaborative decision-making in a workshop setting
An analytical and metrics-driven work style
Digital experience (web, mobile, social and ecommerce) is required
Comfort in a fast-paced and dynamic environment

Travel: While this is a remote position, occasional travel to Humana's offices for training or meetings may be required.